Add a note to users that they must have the message content intent (#7674)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/ext/commands/commands.rst

Commands are defined by attaching it to a regular Python function. The command is then invoked by the user using a similar
signature to the Python function.

> Note that you must have access to the ``message_content`` intent for the commands extension to function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::

    You must have access to the :attr:`~discord.Intents.message_content` intent for the commands extension
    to function. This must be set both in the developer portal and within your code.

    Failure to do this will result in your bot not responding to any of your commands.
```
